README.md, before:

# libcompose

An official implementation of Docker Compose in Go made available as a library.

**Note: This is an experimental alternate implementation of [Docker Compose](https://github.com/docker/compose)**

```go
package main

import (
	"log"

	"github.com/docker/libcompose/docker"
	"github.com/docker/libcompose/project"
)

func main() {
	project, err := docker.NewProject(&docker.Context{
		Context: project.Context{
			ComposeFile: "docker-compose.yml",
			ProjectName: "my-compose",
		},
	})

	if err != nil {
		log.Fatal(err)
	}

	project.Up()
}
```

## Building

You need Docker and then run

    ./script/build


## Running

A full implementation of the docker-compose CLI is implemented also in Go.  The primary purpose of this code is to provide a way in which one can easily test the correctness of the behavior of libcompose.

Run one of these:

```
docker-compose_darwin-386
docker-compose_linux-amd64
docker-compose_windows-amd64.exe
docker-compose_darwin-amd64
docker-compose_linux-arm
docker-compose_linux-386
docker-compose_windows-386.exe
```

### Tests

Make sure you have a full Go 1.4 environment with godeps

    godep go test ./...

This will be fully Dockerized in a bit

## Current status

The project is still being kickstarted... But it does a lot.  Please try it out and help us find bugs.

## Contributing

Want to hack on libcompose? [Docker's contributions guidelines](https://github.com/docker/docker/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) apply.

Commit message:

Make it unambiguous that libcompose is a library
We need to make sure that users don't accidentally pick this up and start trying
to use it instead of the main version of Compose, otherwise they'll run into
incompatibilities and it'll be a pain to support.

Signed-off-by: Ben Firshman <ben@firshman.co.uk>

README.md, after:

# libcompose

A Go library for Docker Compose. It does everything the command-line tool does, but from within Go -- read Compose files, start them, scale them, etc.

**Note: This is experimental and not intended to replace the [Docker Compose](https://github.com/docker/compose) command-line tool. If you're looking to use Compose, head over to the [Compose installation instructions](http://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) to get started with it.**

```go
package main

import (
	"log"

	"github.com/docker/libcompose/docker"
	"github.com/docker/libcompose/project"
)

func main() {
	project, err := docker.NewProject(&docker.Context{
		Context: project.Context{
			ComposeFile: "docker-compose.yml",
			ProjectName: "my-compose",
		},
	})

	if err != nil {
		log.Fatal(err)
	}

	project.Up()
}
```

## Building

You need Docker and then run

    ./script/build


## Running

A partial implementation of the docker-compose CLI is also implemented in Go. The primary purpose of this code is so one can easily test the behavior of libcompose.

Run one of these:

```
docker-compose_darwin-386
docker-compose_linux-amd64
docker-compose_windows-amd64.exe
docker-compose_darwin-amd64
docker-compose_linux-arm
docker-compose_linux-386
docker-compose_windows-386.exe
```

### Tests

Make sure you have a full Go 1.4 environment with godeps

    godep go test ./...

This will be fully Dockerized in a bit

## Current status

The project is still being kickstarted... But it does a lot.  Please try it out and help us find bugs.

## Contributing

Want to hack on libcompose? [Docker's contributions guidelines](https://github.com/docker/docker/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) apply.
